title:          1.1
ID:             2
type:           md
summaryFull:    Santo wakes up to the sound of his proxwake, there are goons nearby
POV:            0
compile:        2
setGoal:        600


Waking up to a proxwake is incredibly unpleasant no matter how you spin it. If you have it hooked into your mods, it has to send a shock that's powerful enough to wake you. If you don't have it hooked into that, or if you don't have any mods to use it with, then you're stuck with one of three options. You have to either opt for smell, sound, or light.
The smell option is probably the most odd one to choose, because up until the invention of the proxwake, nobody in the history of humanity had really thought of waking yourself up with methyl Mercaptan, let alone invent a way to do that. The sound and light options are problematic because if you have the proxwake set up for the sake of alerting you to nearby approaching dangers, namely humans, then sound and light will make it exceptionally easy to find you.
Santo had a mod installed in his left forearm, among other things, the proxwake system virtually hooks into the forearm mod and instructs it to send shocks.
That's how Santo woke up, to the unpleasant sensation of his proxwake. On top of that, a proxwake is really unpleasant because you're waking up, likely, in the middle of your sleep cycle, **and** you're being woken up to the notion that someone who may or may not be seriously dangerous is probably nearby.
After twisting the two halves of the proxwake cylinder to deactivate it, he rubbed his eyes and looked around. He knew that he should be more awake because of the possible danger, but there had been so many times where his proxwake had gone off when it was nothing more than a rodent, or some small malfunction. Much to his dismay, his tech was not very nice, and he hadn't the means or the know-how to fix it. After a few moments of looking around, and listening for movement he confidently concluded that it was just a glitch, the second glitch this week, but a glitch nonetheless.
He laid his head back down on his makeshift pillow and breathed slowly so as to calm his heart-rate which, while not racing, had sped up a fair bit from the rude awakening. He'd been through this same dance dozens if not hundreds of times, so he was quick to calm down, really, he was quick to change his mood in just about any way. 
Unfortunately for Santo this was not one of those times where calming down is the best thing to do, in fact, unbeknownst to him he should have been getting ready for something much much more interesting.
The proxwake may be designed to be unpleasant, but there's little in life that's worse than being attacked while laying down, trying to get back to sleep. 
Something about bullets is that most of them actually move faster than sound, meaning that if anything, when you're on the receiving end, you'll actually notice the round hitting its target before you hear the gunshot. Santo hated that.
