title:          1.2
ID:             3
type:           md
summaryFull:    Fight with the bandits
POV:            0
compile:        2
setGoal:        600


The adrenaline that was coursing through his veins just a moment ago was nothing compared to the violent shock of hormones ravaging his nervous system now. The gunshot hit terrifyingly close to where he was sleeping, probably about a meter away, maybe two, and the sound of the gunshot came at pretty much the exact same time as the impact of the bullet, so his attackers were close, meaning his time was very limited. 

He rolled to his left, which is where he always kept his SHADE when he was sleeping. It's important you know where your defenses are at a moment's notice, because you simply don't have time to think and remember when your life is on the line.

Due to the temporary shaking of his hands, he fumbled the controller, and it beeped angrily because he entered a combination of buttons that didn't actually mean anything. 

**BANG** 

Another gunshot, but this time he didn't hear the impact which worried him, but only for a fraction of a second because he quickly realized what had happened.

_"Oh, you f-- AAAAAGH"_

The reason he didn't hear it was that it hit him, and the shock sort of... Blocked out his other senses for just long enough for him to be confused.

Filled with a newfound vigor to protect himself, he clipped the SHADE to his belt, and activated it, this time not fumbling it. His vision was temporarily obscured by the MESH coming out of the SHADE controller with a loud but very short _hissss_.

The bullet had hit him in the calf muscle, and the pain was very quickly becoming overwhelming, but he had a moment to get one of his analgesics. It only took a moment of rummaging to find it in his bag, and even though he hated needles, there wasn't time to hesitate, and he hated gunshot wounds more. The analgesic was fast acting, and the burning sensation was quickly reduced to a warm tingling. 

Mental checklist:

1. SHADE is up
2. No immediate mortal wounds
3. Attackers need to be dealt with

**"Okay, step three, deal with whoever just shot at me. Or I guess, whoever just shot... Me."**

He turned to his right, and grabbed the gun he always keeps there, on the right. Even though he knew it was a dangerous way to operate, he kept it loaded, even when he slept; too many close calls. Santo pulled back the slide, and waited just for a moment, for the next shot to come, and as if cued by his thoughts, it came. 

This time, with his shade up, it didn't injure him, only hurt a little, and again, the MESH hissed loudly, exerting themselves to stop the projectile. Now he knew where the attackers were, and that was all he needed. He stood up in an instant, and pushed away the partacle board he had above him as shelter and, apparently insufficient, cover. He saw them, exactly where they should be, and as far as he could tell, they weren't using shades. He fired, three times.

The first shot hit his target square in the head. The second missed, he hadn't taken enough time to readjust after the first shot, but the third hit in the neck. The two men that were hit fell over immediately, but the second one stood, and froze for a moment before ducking. 

The man's hesitation was just enough for Santo to readjust and fire again, this time with pinpoint accuracy, it hit the man in the heart, which is exactly where he was aiming.