title:          1.3
ID:             4
type:           md
summaryFull:    Dealing with the fallout
POV:            0
compile:        2
setGoal:        600


All three men were incapacitated or dead, and Santo finally had a moment to catch his breath. The first thought that came to him was 

**"why the hell didn't they have SHADEs?"**

It's simple, if you're going to be in a situation where you might be attacked, you use a SHADE, even if you don't expect to be in a fight it's a smart thing to have, if you can afford it.

Then again, the sound of a SHADE can give away your position, and if these bandits exclusively got people in their sleep then that would actually explain it pretty well.

The specific type of analgesic that he used doesn't last long, so he'll have to find someone to patch him up soon, or else there will be some serious pain problems, and taking another dose so quickly afterwards can be dangerous.

Fortunately for him he still had a working DSCNT. It only took a moment to look up the closest medical area, he didn't really care how good they were, in fact, the cheaper, the better there wasn't a whole lot of disposable income at his disposal. 

The medical clinic he found was called "Budget Body Fix" Which in his opinion was a little on the nose, but to be honest, he actually liked that. It was somewhat refreshing, especially when taking into account the endless marketing of the galactic corporations. At times he dreamed of a galaxy with more independence, and less intervention from the corporations. The worst places were the incorporated planets; the planets literally owned by corporations. Regardless of its name, it was close, and he needed help quickly, so off he went.

Santo made a point to travel light, so there wasn't much of anything to pack up, just a thermal sheet, his "pillow", gun, and a couple pieces of tech. Even though the clinic was relatively close, it would take maybe ten minutes to walk there at a regular pace, it felt like it was **very** far away, because that gunshot wound was getting a lot worse as time went on. 

He was sleeping in an alley of sorts, so, after it took what felt like hours to get to around the front of the buildings, he realized he was in trouble. There were really two options.

1. Call a medvan and risk getting taken into custody.
2. Try walking all the way to the clinic

Both options seemed like a bad idea, but he honestly wanted to avoid the law more than he wanted to avoid death. Not because death seemed like the better option, but because it wouldn't be as much as a hassle.

With the thought

**"Fuck it, I don't want to have to explain three dead bodies to the cops..."**

He was off, hobbling to the clinic. It felt like an eternity to get there, partly because he took about three times as long as he would normally have taken, and partially because with each step the pain got worse. The analgesic was wearing off, and it was getting hard to think straight. The blood loss wasn't too significant, but it was enough to be a concern.

It was early enough in the morning that there wasn't anyone out on his route to the clinic. Once he finally got there, Santo tried to open the door, but it was closed, and a sign on the door said

_Closed due to failing an inspection, \
we'll be back soon!_